The night was another cold one. It seems like winter is coming faster than the
times I remember. But that could just be me.

The morning start was slow, I had a hard time getting motivated for the day that
was ahead of me. Cases don't normally take this long. But this one is drawing
out a complicated picture. Usually the culprit has revealed himself and
there the motives are clear. Blood lust primarily. The "I didn't think he would
really be dead." Oh, and there are also those "He was a dirty rotten cheat
anyways."

But a dead, fidgety character without real motives tells me that something
different is going on here. The thing that is nothing me is that the body was
just left there. A show. A spectacle really. No signs of gang related activity.
No larger picture. No potential warning to those who crossed someone, just a
dead body. A real dead body. Mutilated and deceased. Legs in the air. Head
smashed. A blood streak.

But no weapon

Now don't get me wrong, if I were going to kill someone, I wouldn't leave a
weapon by any means, hell I would make sure to take everything I could.
Including the body.

We have a lot of missing persons cases filed here, and most go unsolved. Usually
we chalk it up to murder. They are the lost and unfound. Those are the true cold
cases, but the rate of crime and the turn over at the precinct doesn't really
allow for many to go digging too deep into them. It isn't like the families
forget about these that go missing, they just move on and start to worry about
themselves. Isn't that we all have to do: just worry about ourselves.

Well not me. I'm not paid much, but I'm still paid. I'm paid to worry about
other people and I'm paid to solve what happened. Whether or not justice is
served isn't up to me, but there is definitely a need for the perp to be outed.

Yesterday, Fluff and Sabrina didn't help me much but they did give me the
information on Mr. Sugar and his gang. They said I wouldn't notice his gang at
first but eventually I would see them, milling about. Posting their guard in
plain sight.

I head into the office and review what I have so far: The landlord, Mr. Sugar,
Sabrina and Fluff. Not much substantiated evidence if you ask most people but 4
half witnesses and a lead in a case is about as good as a he and as a detective
can draw at this point in a case.

By the time i make it to the office there is no coffee left and just specks of
what used to be pastries. Looks like I'm headed out to investigate on an empty
stomach. And without the thing that actually calms my already shaky nerves.

Without much paperwork coming across my desk, it turns out that I don't have much
reason to be in the office. I leave and head back to the counter to see Mr.
Sugar. Well, not exactly to see him but to see if his gang is there. I was told
to post outside his place and see if there was anything going on there looked
suspicious.

I head over and get stationed for the day ahead of me, I suspect that it will
take a while to see the inner workings of a lucrative operation. I don't need to
know all the details but I certainly need to be able to know who is responsible
for what and what I can do to infiltrate the workings.

The day is has turned out to be the perfect temperature. Right about 72 degrees
and the sun seems to be shining nicely. Winter may be arriving at night but the
days perfect for now.

There isn't much commotion going on right now, it seems like I missed the
morning rush of clientele for Mr. Sugar and will have to wait to see what
happens.

As I'm sitting here,not much is going through my mind. I'm trying to piece
together this case that has me so bothered. We haven't seen a case like this is
a while and there isn't much to go on. The sarg, even though I haven't seen him
in a couple days, will certainly be looking for answers and Dom's roommates will
want to know if there is a risk for them involved with this murder.

I start to day dream about the possibility of others being murdered and their
cold, mutilated carcasses laying there with blood streaks.

As my mind wanders, activity outside has begun to pick up. Sabrina and Fluff
come around. this starts off a string of chaotic events. As I'm staying posted
trying to go unrecognized by anyone: especially those two, my view gets blocked.
I do my best to look around for a better location but  I am trapped where I am.

I can't make a fuss to move or reveal myself as a detective right now, I have to
let things play out how they are. I listen intently to everything that is going
on. It seems like some construction is happening not sure though. Loud noises
are occurring. Some big machines are brought into the area. Seems like some
people are doing the heavy lifting for Sabrina and Fluff is on guard waiting to
bark the orders.

Through the cracks of my view I'm able to see this old loaf of thing being
lounging there. He looks half dead and pretty defeated. Surrounding him are the
wrappers of what he used to be and it doesn't seem like he amounts to much
anymore.

He seems like some meat heads are picking on him while Sabrina defines just what
she wants. It seems like an odd game.

Eventually, everything is calmed down it looks like that old guy parts of the
old are toast now. Sabrina leaves the area and Fluff dutifully follows, looking
back to see if there is anything he missed. No pieces of this crime will be left
behind.

The area has calmed down, but this place doesn't look the same. I start to
notice to feel like I'm being watched and the tension begins to grow in my
limbs. The hairs on back are tingling.

I move about. Casual movement is the least casual thing that is possible when
trying to be casual. It is exerting force where none was needed before.

They don't teach you this in school, but to be natural the best thing to do is
think of something else. Look down and listen to everyone else thoughts and no
ones thoughts at the same time, just like everyday normal.

As I move about, I'm scanning the cracks and shadows. This is the underworld.
And the underworld is full.

I post myself outside of a coffee shop and grab a seat. No money to order
anything, so I hope I go unnoticed.

Around me though, while it initially looks like a fairly desolate and clean
area, I being to notices some of those seedy type. "Chips off the old block"
applies here, but this isn't the type of block you want chipped. You want this
one thrown into an ocean at the depth that crush souls out of creatures and make
skins transparent.

I stay posted and notice none them are moving. Are they staking out watching me
watch them watch me?

I move from the coffee shop to the spice store. Trying to look natural I start
to taste the different spices available. Bouncing from one spice to another, I
still feel watched.

Outside I decide to confront a set of these eyes. I go into the back alley
behind the coffee shop. There I find this little guy. He doesn't seem to want me
there and gives me the cold shoulder.

He seems like a crumby type of character. He acts as if he is only bit of
something that is larger than himself and doesn't want to be an individual. He
is the perfect member of a gang. He is the type that would be missed by those
who aren't not looking and would go missing when the city is looking to clean
up for an diplomat.

"Hey" I start. I get my itch on to blend in with his type. I nod my head towards
him and then look away, and take a step closer towards him. Insinuating that I
want to take a hit.

"Whatcha wan?" he responds.

"Oh man, you know what I'm looking for I try hard to fit in with him, but I
can't look natural, he has to know.

"Yea, I hear ya. You want to bust me?"

"What?" I articulate the "T" too much and give my identity away. Like I said,
this is not my strong point. This is not my paperwork.

"What do you need?"

"Information."

"On?"

"A murder."

"Which one?" He laughs. A smile appears on his face

"Dom." His smile disappears.

"I don't know a thing, man. I'm just trying to get by."

"Sure sure. You work for Mr. Sugar, right?"

"Who?"

"Yeah, you know Mr. Sugar, and you know he knows more about the murder than he
is letting on. So tell me again, what do you know about Dom."

"Listen, I don't know anything for sure. I just started doing this. I got the
job because I can chill in the same spot for a while. A job for my laziness,
you could say." The conviction in eyes was apparent but you could tell he knew
more than he was letting on.

"But you've heard things, huh?"

"Yeah, of course, man. Who hasn't?"

"So what have you heard?"

"I heard his body was just left there, and that we have to be careful when going
out alone. I heard that his death came out of no where."

"Yeah. Do you know who did it?"

"Nah. But back home you might be able to get more. Here, we lay low. Don't
watch what doesn't need to be watched. Those are my orders."

"Are those your rules or His?"

"Mr. S says that if we don't need to know, we shouldn't go looking. 'Employment
is better than knowledge' is what he always tells us."

"Yeah, I guess that is one way to look at it."

"Listen, I don't gotta you nothing. Mr. Sugar told all of us if you come around
to tell you about where we came from. No more, no less. My advice is to stop
looking while you got a lead. But if you must, go look into that old loaf. He
kicked me out of my old home and neighborhood and now here I am."

"Thanks."

"Good luck." His smile returns briefly as his sarcasm was thick. But it quickly
vanished and the lifelessness behind his eyes appeared.

I leave the scene.

Here are my case notes:

  July 10, 2014

  Mr Sugar has amassed quite the gang. The numbers range from a couple to more
  than a hundred characters. No one particular to be noticed or stand out. The
  gang doesn't seem to be present for violence or control. But to keep watch of
  things and lay down.

  Mr Sugar loves his gossip.

  Badge 0718 met a young member. He was small for his age and rough around the
  edges. Approached him looking for drugs. Mr Sugar sent out the word on my
  mission and the member was aware of who I was.

  The young member seemed lazy and dull until approached. He then spoke and gave
  information to look into where he came from.

  A man was beaten earlier but Badge 0718 was unable to obtain any information
  about the man or about those who beat him. Will start the search into that,
  since it was related the young gang member.

I round off my notes with enough details to suffice for now, I will fill them in
later with exacts and whereabouts of the gang members. I imagine they move, and
by the looks of it, the numbers grow.

So far a couple hours have passed and there has been a lot of action, but this
my stomach has seen none of it. I must get something to eat.

As I look up to head out, I realize I am suddenly surrounded. Or what I think is
suddenly, they could have been here this whole time.
